Fix issue about not publishing data node updates (#2316)
Avaiga/taipy: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Checklist
_We encourage you to keep the code coverage percentage at 80% and above._

- [ ] This solution meet the acceptance criteria of the related issue.
- [ ] The related issue checklist is completed.
- [ ] This PR add unit tests for the developed code. If not, why?
- [ ] End-to-End tests have been added or updated. If not, why?
- [ ] The documentation has been updated, or a dedicated issue created. (If applicable)
- [ ] The release notes have been updated? (If applicable)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Checklist
_We encourage you to keep the code coverage percentage at 80% and above._

> - [ ] This solution meet the acceptance criteria of the related issue.
> - [ ] The related issue checklist is completed.
> - [ ] This PR add unit tests for the developed code. If not, why?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This solution meets the acceptance criteria of the related issue.
- [ ] The related issue checklist is completed.
- [ ] This PR adds unit tests for the developed code. If not, why?
```
